Questions to SJ on theory calculations
-----------------------------------------

First, review M. Sargsian response to PAC 54, where it states:

Unfortunately, it has to be stated that there is no widely accepted
and experimentally confirmed “fully relativistic” calculation of the
deuteron electro-disintegration reaction in particular and for nuclear
structure general.

1) Need to clarify what is meant by fully relativistic calculation, as it
is states in PHYSICAL REVIEW C 78, 014007 (2008) S.J & J.W.Orden that
"We perform a fully relativistic calculation of the 2H(e,e′p)n reaction
in the impulse approximation. "

2) How should we address the calculations (usually we just state an NN
potential and the person who did the calculation, e.g. CD-Bonn (MS)) But
for this case, what should be stated ?  Use: Covariant Spectator Model (CSM)
and also emphasize the FSI used SAID NN scattering data, and includes the
single and double spin flip contributions to the cross sections

If an NN potential is not used,
how does the Gross equation account for the NN interaction ?
* Gross-Eq based calculation is relativistic, and puts one nucleon on-shell
(the NN interaction is accounted in the calculation)


3) In the Virtual Nucleon Approximation (VNA) by MS, the assumptions are:

   a) consider only the initial state pn->pn transiton or component of the deuteron; 
      neglecting inelastic or non-nucleoninc initial state transitions

   b) negative energy projection of the virtual nucleon propagator gives negligible
      contribution to the scattering amplitude

      ** the preceding two conditions can be satisfied if we restrict the recoil
      nucleon momentum, pr <= 700 MeV/c; 
      
   c) at large Q2 (>1 GeV^2), MEC can be neglected

Also, the VNA does NOT account for vacuum fluctuations as these are expected
to be negligible for pr < 700 MeV/c

Now, I would ask the same questions for the fully relativistic Gross Eq. calculation
a) Is only the pn -> pn transition considered ?  YES
b) negative energy projectioon asuume to give negligible contribution ? Yes, this is neglected.
c) at large Q2 MEC are neglected in calculation ? Yes, MEC and IC are neglected
d) are vacuum fluctuations accounted for ?  NO
e) can you verify, if single and double spin-flip contributions in calculation are responsible
for the observed enhanced effect in the FSI peak ? YES
